## Homework assignment 2

### Topic: Experiment design, Probability models


- Tasks: Please provide answers for the following questions. You should show your solving process in the report. 
- Deadline: 10/20 Friday 12:00AM (midnight)
- Submit: Email your report to me via email (choongwan.woo@gmail.com).

<br>

## Questions


**1.** James enjoys triathlon, which consists of three different sports discipline, cycling, swimming, and running. His record for cycling can be described by a Normal model with a mean of 20 minutes and standard deviation of 2 minutes, and swimming can be described by a Normal model with a mean of 12 minutes and standard deviation of 1.5 minutes. Running can be also described by a Normal model with a mean of 10 minutes and standard deviation of 2 minutes.

- 1-1. What is the probability that cycling and swimming take over 40 minutes?
    
- 1-2. What percentage of the trials take longer to complete running than swimming?

<br>
<br>

**2.** John wanted to examine whether the amount of caffeine he drinks each day has an effect on his sleeping hours, and asked you to design and run an experiment. How would you design an experiment for that?

<br>
<br>

**3.** My family usually listens to music while driving, and the proportion of the songs I like in the shared playlist is 14%.

- 3-1. While I'm driving alone, how many songs should I expect to skip before I play the song I like?

- 3-2. My music player has the function that randomly choose 19 songs to make a playlist. What are the mean and standard deviation of the number of songs that I like I should expect to find in the random playlist?

- 3-3. What is the probability that no more than 300 of 1500 songs is the ones that I like?

<br>
<br>

(End)
